Welcome to my JNC application app. 
The requirmements for the project were to create an web based application that:

* Return a list of alcohol products that are on sale (has_limited_time_offer).

* Display the list with relevant details on the webpage

* Be sortable by Current Price or Discount Amount.

* Be filterable by Tags (This is not available in the API and will need to be implemented yourself)

I approached the project first by testing the PHP request to the API. I used the /stores api to get the list of stores
and dump it to a json object. I figured I would architect it in an mvc way where the service is the model, index.php is the
controller and index.html is the view. 

I then got the service to return the first criteria (stuff on sale). I created index.php to consume the service and handle the
params passed by the view. 

I implemented the view as a simple JQuery ajax call that populates an element with the resulting HTML generated by the controller*.

I implemented as much of the logic as i could in the controller, leaving the mechanism by which the API is called in the service.

* Stuff I regret:

 Halfway through, I realized I could have done the whole thing in JQuery with JSONP. It would have been cleaner than trying to write all the stuff in PHP.
 
 There are no tests. I didn't want to have to look up all the PHPUnit stuff at the same time I was looking up all the JQuery and PHP stuff. I should have started with a simple test for the service

* Stuff I thought of while ruminating on it:

 I could have used a PHP function to generate the query string. It would save a lot of code where i generate the request.
 
 I should really put in some logging.
 
 I should really put in some error handling. No API connections cause a blank page which is super confusing. 
 
I should pass a JSON object to the JQuery and build the table there. The controller shoudn't need to know what the view shows.

The API to the service is pretty terrible. I should refactor to build a request and let the API know when to send. The controller also has some string constants that only the service should know about.

 I should probably make the service get all the data on every page load and filter the tags when i get everything. That way i
could get an arbitrary amount of records and have a full page every time. Right now filtering by tags sucks.

 I really need pages or breadcrumbs. There's no way to get the data after the first page.
